---
title: OMG 1shot, Round 2
alias:
tags:
type:
source: 
---

### Date: 1:30 PM - 5:00 PM PST Saturday, November 26 2022

> [!example] Character Creation
> - **Level**: 3
> - **Stat Arrangement**: Standard Array (15 14 13 12 10 8)
> - **Hit Points**: Average
> - **Wealth**: 300gp in addition to starting equipment from class and backgrounds with item availability set to commons only.
> - **Available Races**: Varies per scenario, no flying races (Owlin and Aarakocra) and warforged.
> - **Available Books**: Up to Tasha's Cauldron of Everything, no UA.
> - **Being Smart Helps**: You gain additional Skill/Language/Tool proficiency equal to your Int Mod (Yes, this means negative will cause you to lose some!)
> - **Heirloom**: You gain one mastercraft (non-magical +1 item) equipment that's been in your family passed down for generation(s).
> - **Quirk**: At level 1, you have a bonus feat. 

## Proposed Scenarios
### Assassination
You are a member spy organization called Shadow Talons of Obsidian Panther Kingdom, your mission usually lies in going to the neighboring kingdoms to assassinate, steal and sabotage strategic targets that would weaken their system. This time is different, it's domestic. Ba Sei the merchant, renown for his trades in perishable and questionable goods, is throwing a banquette and the Shadow Talon requests you to assassinate him and make it look like an accident and as usual, keep your public gaze averted from your operations. The organization suspects his wealth is ill earned and is slowly conspiring with outside forces to oppose the King and such treachery should be nipped at the bud.
### Head Heist
A strange letter slipped under your door the other day requesting your specific skills for a comprehensible reward. When you showed up at a specified meeting location, a man with a bucket over his head introduces himself as Deshales and gave you a bracelet with moving constellations and a glass bauble with various gears and cogs moving inside. He instructs the bracelet is a hall pass and the bauble is the time table. He then instructs you to wear the bracelet and when the time table flickers in various colors, open a door with the worn hand to enter the House of Heads. He cautions you to not engage the person you meet in that place and find a head labeled as Baron Von Loid before the time table flickers again in 4 hours to return to this place. 
### Temple Raid
The Society of Historical and Archeological Relic Treasury (SHART) excavates ruins and collects relics of the past to inform the public about the rich history of their lands. Recently an island inhabited by kobolds and ruled by a giant named Kovachi reported a ruin after an earthquake. The initial reports say there are motifs of giant culture and signs of warning to not enter. SHARTs sent an expedition and never returned. They are forming a second team and you are part of it to discover what happened to the first team and what lies beneath the ruins. 