---
date: 2022-11-18
title: Goldfield and Hymal at the entrance
tags:
type:
- writing
alias: Goldfield and the Rat Catchers under Erindal's Bow's Tree
---

"So this is what Erindal's been hiding all these years?" Goldfield examined the scene in front of him. The open room housed a headless giant slouched against room's wall tied up in chains with each of its limb anchored to a wall. Each of those links had runes of protection carved in dwarven with seals of reinforcement and protection in elven with withered vines wrapping around the chains. The headless body had its chest cavity hollowed and was emitting an eerie magenta lights wriggled like tendrils.

"A mummified headless corpse is all we find at the bottom of this pit?" Amberdew raised his shield and tightened his grip.

"Why would our guildmaster hide such thing from the council and the members?" Hymal gaped his mouth and kneeled on his knees in disbelief. Hymal was coerced here against his will and was bound to ensure he wouldn't hinder their expedition.

"Faeora, you still doubt my claims after seeing this? You've been deceived by your guild master and the council since its founding." Goldfield grabbed Hymal's collar and lifted him slightly from the ground, gazing at the headless remains.

"Look at the carvings on the wall, these are dwarven runes and the ancient elven arcane seals. It all makes sense." He added.

"None of these makes sense." Hymal replied.

"Open your eyes, Faeora. You can't just build this on a whim. This takes years of planning and vast number of craftsman and enchanters from dwarves and elves. Where are the craftsman who built them? keeping their silence or were they silenced?" Hymal stared at Goldfield strolling around the room running his hand against the runes and jingled one of the chain binding the left arm.

"This must be something he found during the founding of the city and the guild, we might have been assigned to guard this thing from waking up..." Hymal muttered.

"Just think. Erindal's known for his combat prowess, knowledge in history and arcane, and charismatic leadership. It's unnatural, almost divine. I'm sure he has you under his influence for decades, centuries even!" He slowly advanced to the eerie glow, leaving Hymal with his own thoughts.

Erindal never hid his intention to his guild members and kept his promise to his best capacity to hymal's memory decades before the founding of the guild. When Erindal picked up his bow and go against the Airi's Council's wishes to aid dwarves of Kupferkrone, he followed. When Erindal invited Hymal to join him and a group of elves to found a guild after being exiled from Airi and Arendel, he followed. When Erindal ordered him to stay and tender the forest while the rest of the founding members heeded a call to save Kupferkrone once more, he followed.

So when Goldfield barged into his residence at night with dozens of his henchmen claiming there's a secret under his residence, he rejected Goldfield.

"Do you think a mere mortal could have such power and simply claim he is blessed by our god around his neck?" Goldfield added and pointed at the glowing belly of the monster.

"That is his source of power, he knew about this before anyone else and had everyone fooled to get him here. Even you. I'm sure there are more from the city who is part of this, thing. Are you still that blind? You and I both saw the dwelling below your home, it was used frequently. Am I deceiving you or your guild master Faeora?" Goldfield yelled at Hymal from the end of the room in front of the giant's torso. The echoes of Goldfield's voice rang in Hymal's ears as he lidded his eyes heavily.

"How did you learn about this and what is your goal now you've seen this?" Hymal listlessly questioned and Goldfield walked back to him with a dagger and cut Hymal's binds.

"Join me and help me expose Erindal of his evil and uproot his presence from this city." he sheathed his dagger and extended his hand.

"You're not as just as you would claim yourself from what I hear." Hymal rubbed his wrist and glared at the gold haired elf.

"I won't claim I am justice incarnate. Trust me, it's all for the best."

"For who?"

"The Elvenkind."

"Spare me your twisted humor. I know your relations to the disappearance of the Spring Circle, they were mostly elves."

"I wasn't aware you still cling to your old title of a druid. Instead, you should be thankful. I have liberated you from the insane burden of taking care of the world and beyond." Goldfield made a bitter grin with a light shrug and Hymal was unable to comprehend his statement other than avoiding the actual question.

"After the disappearance of the Spring Circle, Lunar Pears, your guild, quickly took over the groves and the meadows tended by the circle." Hymal continued to glare at the elf's blue eyes.

"We merely continued to tend the nature the Circle neglected."

"I heard you are in charge of those fields."

"Somebody has to be in charge of it."

"Are you going to take charge of this place once you remove our guild master?"

"If the city demands it. My sole desire is to remove the evil in the place where I do my business." Goldfield looked over the group of his crew advanced toward the headless body.

"I have invested so much to get down here to find out what Erindal is hiding and I have never expected it to be something like this. Just look at it Faeora, this isn't just a giant. This must be a fabled remains of a deity, how else a remain like this emits such aura and hidden beneath the city by magic of elves and dwarves?" Hymal scoffed at Goldfield's response but he started to question himself the question of the purpose of the place.

Hymal has heard of this from his father about the era when gods walked among mortals and waged war against each other. They can be as tall as twelve feet tall or as short as two feet, but during the war they were giants. They sundered the plains carved the mountains with their might and magic. Only a god or demigods can slay another and only if their heads are removed. It's just a legend.

"You are insane to accuse of my guild master using a dead god's remains as his source of power." Hymal shook his head, he couldn’t shake off the feeling the thing was staring at him.

"I've seen close, and I believe it is possible." Goldfield raised his fist to where Hymal was staring at, where the giant’s head should have been.

"You still haven't answered how you learned about this place." Hymal questioned Goldfield again.

"Years of investigation and no, don't give me that look. I seek no such power. If your guild is as corrupt as it is, then it's best to dismantle it. Most of your Council Elders seems to agree."

"Mister Goldfield, the glow seems to be a portal of some sort." one of the hirelings rushed to Goldfield to report.

"Well then we should enter and find out what is on the other side. I plan on getting to the bottom of all this to expose all of Erindal's dirty secrets."

"I believe the Ratcatchers require further compensation if we are to delve deeper." A half-elf female joined the conversation in a leather harness bearing various pockets.

"Yes, miss Feldon of Ratcatchers, this far exceeds my expectation and the effort you and your members have contributed thus far will be handsomely rewarded once we leave this hole. I will double the payment." Goldfield raised his two fingers in response.

"Triple." she replied and placed her hand on her sword's hilt. Goldfield's cold stare glanced over where her hand rested and let out a frustrated sigh.

"If we fight here and now, it's a loss on both sides miss Feldon. double and half. Final." Goldfield waved his hand and Feldon noticed Amberdew angled his shield to show her his sword already half drawn. The Ratcatchers initially entered this place with three teams of six and now they're down to seven while Goldfield's group only lost one and from the way she looked at it, he's recruiting the captive.

"double and half." she spat on the ground and walked away.

"Faeora, join me and let's find out what lies in that carcass your guildmaster chained up so dearly. I'm not asking you to work under me, let's see what lies ahead." Goldfield gestured Amberdew with a nod and Amberdew offered Hymal a spear.

"At least find out the truth in this place with me, for now." Goldfield added.

"For now." Hymal snatched the spear from Amberdew and looked over the rest of the crew setting up an encampment.

"Good, after some rest and we will venture forth, we still have a long journey ahead of us." Goldfield added, returning his gaze to the mummified remains.
